hey that looks strange
it's like wobbly grass and it's in a
hole look at those little birds
tippy-toeing on the funny grass that
looks like a lot of fun
they've got very bendy legs it is grass
isn't it it must be those birds are
working on it
stay there little birds I'm coming to
play here girls another jump to practice
[Music]
[Applause]
hippopotamus over there I don't think he
wanted me to jump in his bath is he
still behind me is someone looking out
Oh
quick get me out of here oh just a bit
more somebody help me please
oh I can't believe I'm soaking wet again
twice in one day
why is it always me Oh Carly
his momma thinks he's had enough of an
adventure for one day it's time for them
all to head home but they have to go
back the same way they came
which means Carly will have to jump the
stream one more time
[Music]
you